feat(AvatarStack): add component (#924)
gravity-ui/uikit: src/components/AvatarStack/README.md

  <UserAvatar imgUrl={`https://i.pravatar.cc/150?u=login3`} />
</AvatarStack>
```

## Properties

| Name        | Description                                                                                                                                                           |     Type      | Default |
| :---------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----------: | :-----: |
| max         | How much avatars should be visible before more button. If avatars count is only 1 short from `max`, than more button would be replaced with avatar.                   |   `number`    |    3    |
| overlapSize | How much each item should overlap next one. `s` recommended for `UserAvatars` of sizes `xs`-`m`, `m` recomended for `l` size avatars and `l` overlap for `xl` avatars | `s`, `m`, `l` |   `s`   |
| className   | Class name of root DOM node                                                                                                                                           |   `string`    |         |

> | children    | List of avatars, probably with some extra wrappers                                                                                                                    |  `Object[]`   |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| children    | List of avatars, probably with some extra wrappers                                                                                                                    |  `React.Element[]`   |         |
```
